[Term Entry] Kotlin Math: round function (#3670)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/math-methods/terms/round/round.md

---
Title: 'round()'
Description: 'Rounds a floating-point number to the nearest integer.'
Subjects:
  - Code Foundation'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Math'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The `round()` function in Kotlin's math package rounds a floating-point number to its nearest integer. If the number is equidistant between two integers, it rounds to the integer that is even.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`round()`** function in Kotlin's `math` package rounds a given number to the nearest integer. If the number is equidistant between two integers, it rounds to the integer that is even.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
round(a)
```

- `a`: the number (either `Double` or `Float`) to be rounded

The `round()` function returns the rounded number.

## Example

This example uses the `round()` function to determine the rounded value of each number in a list:

```kotlin
import kotlin.math.round

fun main() {
  val numbers = listOf(5.4, 5.5, 5.6, 6.4, 6.5, 6.6)
  for (number in numbers) {
    val roundedNumber = round(number)
    println("$number rounded is: $roundedNumber")
  }
}
```

> The numbers `5.5` and `6.5` are equidistant between neighboring integers. Since 6 is even, the `round()` function returns `6.0` for both `5.5` and `6.5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The numbers `5.5` and `6.5` are equidistant between neighboring integers. Since 6 is even, the `round()` function returns `6.0` for both `5.5` and `6.5`.
```

The output of this code will be:

```
5.4 rounded is: 5.0

> 5.5 rounded is: 6.0 // 5.5 is equidistant between 5 and 6

Reviewer: remove comments on 49 and 53 since this already addressed above

5.6 rounded is: 6.0

> 

Reviewer: remove empty line
